
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers
A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked
If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers
Where’s the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?

Betty Botter bought some butter
But she said the butter’s bitter
If I put it in my batter, it will make my batter bitter
But a bit of better butter will make my batter better
So ‘twas better Betty Botter bought a bit of better butter
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
He would chuck, he would, as much as he could, and chuck as much wood
As a woodchuck would if a woodchuck could chuck wood
She sells seashells by the seashore
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream
I saw Susie sitting in a shoeshine shop
Susie works in a shoeshine shop. Where she shines she sits, and where she sits she shines
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair. Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn’t fuzzy, was he?
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?
I have got a date at a quarter to eight; I’ll see you at the gate, so don’t be late
You know New York, you need New York, you know you need unique New York
I saw a kitten eating chicken in the kitchen
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
I thought I thought of thinking of thanking you
I wish to wash my Irish wristwatch
Near an ear, a nearer ear, a nearly eerie ear
Eddie edited it
Willie’s really weary
A big black bear sat on a big black rug
Tom threw Tim three thumbtacks
He threw three free throws
Nine nice night nurses nursing nicely
So, this is the sushi chef
Four fine fresh fish for you
Wayne went to wales to watch walruses
Six sticky skeletons
Which witch is which?
Snap crackle pop
Flash message
Red Buick, blue Buick
Red lorry, yellow lorry
Thin sticks, thick bricks
Stupid superstition
Eleven benevolent elephants
Two tried and true tridents
Rolling red wagons
Black back bat
She sees cheese
Truly rural
Good blood, bad blood
Pre-shrunk silk shirts
Ed had edited it.
We surely shall see the sun shine soon
Which wristwatches are Swiss wristwatches?
Fred fed Ted bread, and Ted fed Fred bread
I slit the sheet, the sheet I slit, and on the slitted sheet I sit
A skunk sat on a stump and thunk the stump stunk, but the stump thunk the skunk stunk
Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better
Of all the vids I’ve ever viewed, I’ve never viewed a vid as valued as Alex’s engVid vid
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.
A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked.
If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers?
Where's the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
He would chuck, he would, as much as he could, and chuck as much wood,
as a woodchuck would if a woodchuck could chuck wood.
She sells sea shells by the seashore.
Betty bought a bit of butter.
But the butter Betty bought was bitter.
so Betty bought a better butter,
and it was better than the butter Betty bought before.
[Variation of Carolyn Wells The Butter Betty Bought published 1899.]
Difficult Tongue Twisters
Silly Sally swiftly shooed seven silly sheep.
The seven silly sheep Silly Sally shooed
Shilly-shallied south.
These sheep shouldn't sleep in a shack;
Sheep should sleep in a shed.
The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
[According to The Guinness Book of World Records this is the toughest tongue twister - so far.]
Funny Tongue Twisters
Round the rough and rugged rock the ragged rascal rudely ran.

All I want is a proper cup of coffee,
Made in a proper copper coffee pot
I may be off my dot
But I want a cup of coffee
From a proper coffee pot.

Tin coffee pots and iron coffee pots
They're no use to me -
If I can't have a proper cup of coffee
In a proper copper coffee pot
I'll have a cup of tea.
Amidst the mists and coldest frosts,
With stoutest wrists and loudest boasts,
He thrusts his fists against the posts,
And still insists he sees the ghosts.
Two tiny timid toads trying to trot to Tarrytown.
Nine nimble noblemen nibbling nuts.
Quizzical quiz, kiss me quick.
Imagine an imaginary menagerie manager managing an imaginary menagerie.
What a to do to die today
At a minute or two to two
A thing distinctly hard to say
And harder still to do.

For they'll beat a tattoo at twenty to two
A rat-tat-tat-Tat-tat-tat-Tat-tat-tat-too
And the dragon will come when he hears the drum,
At a minute or two to two today
At a minute or two to two.
Eve eating eagerly elegant Easter eggs.
Ingenious iguanas improvising an intricate impromptu on impossibly-impractical instruments.
These thousand tricky tongue twisters trip thrillingly off the tongue.
Tongue Twisters for Kids
A proper copper coffee pot.
One-One was a racehorse.
Two-Two was one, too.
When One-One won one race,
Two-Two won one, too.
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair. Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn't fuzzy, was he?
Which wristwatches are Swiss wristwatches?
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
Easy Tongue Twisters
He threw three free throws.

I slit the sheet, the sheet I slit, and on the slitted sheet I sit.
If you notice this notice, you will notice that this notice is not worth noticing.
Nine nice night nurses nursing nicely.
I like New York, unique New York, I like unique New York.
Four fine fresh fish for you.
A proper cup of coffee from a proper copper coffee pot.
Short Tongue Twisters (3x)
Six sticky skeletons.
Which witch is which?
She sees cheese.
Stupid superstition.
Eleven benevolent elephants.
Truly rural.
Tongue Twisters About Thinking & Feeling
Three thin thinkers thinking thick thoughtful thoughts.
Of all the felt I ever felt,
I never felt a piece of felt
which felt as fine as that felt felt,
when first I felt that felt hat's felt.
I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish,
but if you wish the wish the witch wishes,
I won't wish the wish you wish to wish.
I thought, I thought of thinking of thanking you.
I thought a thought.
But the thought I thought wasn't the thought I thought I thought.
If the thought I thought I thought had been the thought I thought, I wouldn't have thought so much.